submech followup (#98)
latent-to/developer-docs: docs/learn/announcements.md

This page tracks recent and upcoming changes to the Bittensor protocol and other major events in the Bittensor ecosystem.

## Multiple Incentive Mechanisms Within Subnets

**Status**: In development
- **What**: Multiple incentive mechanisms allow subnet owners to apportion emissions across different evaluation criteria, each running Yuma Consensus independently with separate bond pools
- **Key Features**:

>   - Enables up to 8 incentive mechanisms (IDs 0-7) within each subnet for multi-task validation

Author: nice catch, thanks. I missed this!

  - Fully backward-compatible with existing miners and validators via mechanism ID 0
  - Each mechanism has its own weight matrix and independent bond pools for consensus calculations
  - All validators participate in all mechanisms with identical stake weights

>   - Miners automatically participate in ALL mechanisms when registering for a subnet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Miners can automatically participate in any of the subnet's mechanisms when registering for a subnet
```
